Add verification key hash to the return type of ZkProgram compile (#1292)
o1-labs/o1js: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/o1-labs/o1js/compare/1ad7333e9e...HEAD)

### Breaking changes

> - `ZkProgram.compile()` now returns the verification key and its hash, to be consistent with `SmartContract.compile()` https://github.com/o1-labs/o1js/pull/1240

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ZkProgram.compile()` now returns the verification key and its hash, to be consistent with `SmartContract.compile()` https://github.com/o1-labs/o1js/pull/1292 [@rpanic](https://github.com/rpanic)
```
